com/example/android/nasa_apod/ui/main/MainViewModel_MembersInjector.java
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.ui.main.MainViewModel_MembersInjector
com/example/android/nasa_apod/ui/main/MainFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.ui.main.MainFragment_GeneratedInjector
androidx/databinding/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBinderMapperImpl
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
com/example/android/nasa_apod/domain/db/AppDatabase_Impl.java
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.domain.db.AppDatabase_Impl
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.domain.db.AppDatabase_Impl$1
com/example/android/nasa_apod/ui/MainActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.ui.MainActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/example/android/nasa_apod/ui/main/MainViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.ui.main.MainViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.ui.main.MainViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
com/example/android/nasa_apod/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.BuildConfig
com/example/android/nasa_apod/databinding/MainFragmentBinding.java
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.databinding.MainFragmentBinding
com/example/android/nasa_apod/ui/main/MainViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.ui.main.MainViewModel_HiltModules
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.ui.main.MainViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.ui.main.MainViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
com/example/android/nasa_apod/ui/main/MainViewModel_Factory.java
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.ui.main.MainViewModel_Factory
com/example/android/nasa_apod/Hilt_MainApplication.java
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.Hilt_MainApplication
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.Hilt_MainApplication$1
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_android_nasa_apod_ui_MainActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_android_nasa_apod_ui_MainActivity_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_android_nasa_apod_di_NetworkModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_android_nasa_apod_di_NetworkModule
com/example/android/nasa_apod/di/RoomModule_ProvideApodDaoFactory.java
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.di.RoomModule_ProvideApodDaoFactory
com/example/android/nasa_apod/ui/main/Hilt_MainFragment.java
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.ui.main.Hilt_MainFragment
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_android_nasa_apod_ui_main_MainViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_android_nasa_apod_ui_main_MainViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
com/example/android/nasa_apod/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_android_nasa_apod_ui_main_MainFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_android_nasa_apod_ui_main_MainFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/example/android/nasa_apod/di/GlideRequest.java
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.di.GlideRequest
com/example/android/nasa_apod/di/RepoModule_ProvideApodRepositoryFactory.java
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.di.RepoModule_ProvideApodRepositoryFactory
com/example/android/nasa_apod/databinding/DetailFragmentBindingImpl.java
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.databinding.DetailFragmentBindingImpl
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_android_nasa_apod_di_RepoModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_android_nasa_apod_di_RepoModule
com/example/android/nasa_apod/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/example/android/nasa_apod/databinding/MainViewholderBindingImpl.java
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.databinding.MainViewholderBindingImpl
com/example/android/nasa_apod/di/GlideApp.java
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.di.GlideApp
com/bumptech/glide/GeneratedRequestManagerFactory.java
 com.bumptech.glide.GeneratedRequestManagerFactory
com/example/android/nasa_apod/MainApplication_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.MainApplication_GeneratedInjector
com/bumptech/glide/GeneratedAppGlideModuleImpl.java
 com.bumptech.glide.GeneratedAppGlideModuleImpl
com/example/android/nasa_apod/di/GlideRequests.java
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.di.GlideRequests
com/example/android/nasa_apod/di/GlideOptions.java
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.di.GlideOptions
com/example/android/nasa_apod/ui/Hilt_MainActivity.java
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.ui.Hilt_MainActivity
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.ui.Hilt_MainActivity$1
dagger/hilt/internal/aggregatedroot/codegen/_com_example_android_nasa_apod_MainApplication.java
 dagger.hilt.internal.aggregatedroot.codegen._com_example_android_nasa_apod_MainApplication
com/example/android/nasa_apod/databinding/AppBarMainBinding.java
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.databinding.AppBarMainBinding
com/example/android/nasa_apod/di/NetworkModule_ProvideApodServiceFactory.java
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.di.NetworkModule_ProvideApodServiceFactory
com/example/android/nasa_apod/MainApplication_HiltComponents.java
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.MainApplication_HiltComponents
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityC
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityC$Builder
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityCBuilderModule
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC$Builder
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedCBuilderModule
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.MainApplication_HiltComponents$FragmentC
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.MainApplication_HiltComponents$FragmentC$Builder
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.MainApplication_HiltComponents$FragmentCBuilderModule
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ServiceC
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ServiceC$Builder
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ServiceCBuilderModule
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.MainApplication_HiltComponents$SingletonC
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ViewC
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ViewC$Builder
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ViewCBuilderModule
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ViewModelC
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ViewModelC$Builder
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ViewModelCBuilderModule
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC$Builder
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentCBuilderModule
com/example/android/nasa_apod/domain/repository/ApodRepositoryImpl_Factory.java
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.domain.repository.ApodRepositoryImpl_Factory
com/example/android/nasa_apod/domain/dao/ApodDao_Impl.java
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.domain.dao.ApodDao_Impl
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.domain.dao.ApodDao_Impl$1
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.domain.dao.ApodDao_Impl$2
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.domain.dao.ApodDao_Impl$3
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.domain.dao.ApodDao_Impl$4
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.domain.dao.ApodDao_Impl$5
com/example/android/nasa_apod/DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC.java
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$1
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCBuilder
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCBuilder
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCBuilder
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCI
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCI$ViewWithFragmentCBuilder
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCI$ViewWithFragmentCI
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$ViewCBuilder
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$ViewCI
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ViewModelCBuilder
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ViewModelCImpl
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ViewModelCImpl$SwitchingProvider
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$Builder
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ServiceCBuilder
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ServiceCImpl
dagger/hilt/internal/processedrootsentinel/codegen/_com_example_android_nasa_apod_MainApplication.java
 dagger.hilt.internal.processedrootsentinel.codegen._com_example_android_nasa_apod_MainApplication
com/example/android/nasa_apod/di/NetworkModule_ProvideApiKeyFactory.java
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.di.NetworkModule_ProvideApiKeyFactory
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.di.NetworkModule_ProvideApiKeyFactory$InstanceHolder
com/example/android/nasa_apod/di/NetworkModule_ProvideRetrofitFactory.java
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.di.NetworkModule_ProvideRetrofitFactory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_android_nasa_apod_MainApplication_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_android_nasa_apod_MainApplication_GeneratedInjector
com/example/android/nasa_apod/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.DataBinderMapperImpl
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
com/example/android/nasa_apod/di/RoomModule_ProvideDatabaseFactory.java
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.di.RoomModule_ProvideDatabaseFactory
com/example/android/nasa_apod/databinding/ContentMainBinding.java
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.databinding.ContentMainBinding
com/example/android/nasa_apod/di/NetworkModule_ProvideHttpClientFactory.java
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.di.NetworkModule_ProvideHttpClientFactory
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.di.NetworkModule_ProvideHttpClientFactory$InstanceHolder
com/example/android/nasa_apod/databinding/MainFragmentBindingImpl.java
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.databinding.MainFragmentBindingImpl
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_android_nasa_apod_di_RoomModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_android_nasa_apod_di_RoomModule
com/example/android/nasa_apod/databinding/MainViewholderBinding.java
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.databinding.MainViewholderBinding
com/example/android/nasa_apod/di/NetworkModule_ProvideGsonFactory.java
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.di.NetworkModule_ProvideGsonFactory
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.di.NetworkModule_ProvideGsonFactory$InstanceHolder
com/example/android/nasa_apod/databinding/DetailFragmentBinding.java
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.databinding.DetailFragmentBinding
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_android_nasa_apod_ui_main_MainViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_android_nasa_apod_ui_main_MainViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
com/example/android/nasa_apod/BR.java
 com.example.android.nasa_apod.BR
